hello and welcome if in my stallions and
here watching get germanized an easy way
to book amazing apartments in Berlin
I advise finding an apartment these days
in Berlin is really difficult and
competitive even for locals and it gets
even more difficult when you've tried to
book from outside the country because of
that the guys from nest peak come have
come up with a really cool solution
they've created a home page that makes
it really easy for you guys to find
amazing apartments in Berlin they asked
me if I wanted to talk about that in a
sponsored video I said if your service
is as good as you say it is well then
sure why not and I checked it out it is
good so let's talk about that a little
bit more in detail now so why is finding
an apartment in Berlin difficult well
supply demand definitely plays a role
here and way more people looking for
flats and there actually are flats
decent ones at least definitely
competition in general is a problem mass
viewings so many people show up at one
viewing sometimes and obviously it gets
so much harder that way to actually
score your apartment that's why I now
have the perfect solution for you you
can actually check out the page for
yourself in the video description the
link is there but for all of those of
you who need a little bit more guidance
well let's get started
so this is what you will see if you
first click on the nespa comm home page
it says rent the modern way you'll never
look at renting the same way again and
here you can choose a city move in move
out date and then click on find a home
really simplistic really nicely done
first thing you got to do of course is
create an account and then you can use
all the features of the page here you
can choose the city in this case it
would be Berlin for Germany since an SP
dot-com focuses on Berlin at the moment
then you know choose your move in that
if you really really need to move in
various rooms somewhere let's say in
like yeah well a couple of days let's
choose the first of April here and move
out date well I don't really want to
move out anytime soon
so no move out date so let's find a home
and this is the page you are presented
with
it already has a little filter page up
here where you can you know filter for
different options entire apartment
private room she had bedroom the price
that you want to pay let's say we will
focus on well apartments for under 1,000
euros a month let's make it actually and
let's see if we can do 999 oh I saw it
there is there is alright and you know
one male adult pretty much lets us let's
me I want to move in I do and here on
the right you can see many many
different apartments in Berlin on a map
on Google Maps I think that is which is
really cool because it gives you the
option to exactly see where this flat
would be for example if this is too far
away for you if you say are this flat
here on the left it's a bit too far out
of the city centre then you can say well
this one's better you can click on it
and then it will show you which one it
is what it actually looks like it even
gives you the option to skip through the
different photos of the apartment and it
shows you here 25 square meters very
central entire apartment and that is
really nice I think anyway
let's focus on the left here again for a
second because I want the entire
apartment I don't just want a private
room or shared bedroom I want the entire
apartment for myself yes I'm a bit
selfish that way anyway 550 euros sounds
nice very central unfurnished all that
was actually the one here right near the
I like sander plots which is really
central I've actually been there
recently a really nice area so let's
click that and have a look
wow it gives you the professional photos
that they've taken for the flat because
you know what they do is they go in
there they look at the flat make sure
everything's ok and as described and
then take professional photos that's
actually free service for the landlord
which is really cool I think and you can
obviously skip through the photos here
again have a closer look it seems to be
unfurnished this one this is actually
really rare since or 90% of the pages
apartments are for
so if you move in you're most likely to
have bed so far and all the basics you
need really you know but that you can
see that the quality of the photos is
just so much better than you would get
or what you would get usually sometimes
you only get a picture of the apartment
building on these pages you know and
that's really frustrating because you
obviously want to see what the flat
looks like inside as well and he even
gives you a view of the hallway and
stuff like that what this seems to be I
think this is for bikes you can put your
bikes or your bike in one of these
things so that's cool that it has that
definitely want to bring my bike and
what was that storage lockers for
important stuff nice I like that or like
just stuff that you don't want to have
in your flat so it gives you all these
photos it shows you here if you scroll
down where it is in Berlin Mitte MIT it
is a district in Berlin the central of
the Central District Mitte means pretty
much center central oops yes that it's
unfurnished we just saw that but you
know it's unfurnished by the
Alexanderplatz here it says 550 euros a
month and then it says what deposit you
have to pay obviously the paying deposit
is kind of normal in case you break
something in the apartment the landlord
has some security he can you know pay it
off with the money you gave him for that
then the service fee for the nest peak
dot-com page is actually about a thing
25% of the first month's rent which is
really significantly cheaper than the
traditional real estate agency fees so I
think that's a fair deal nest assured
the fee is free always for you know
verified nests so to speak for verified
apartments and what the nest of short
policy is pretty much just an insurance
for you there's anything wrong at all
with your apartment or if you can't
access it
well the nest pick covers hotel costs
for up to 30 days or of course you can
also get your deposit refunded and that
is completely free of charge and that I
have not seen anywhere else ever before
so this is really really cool makes it
really really safe you know in case you
think ah you know in a year I wanna I
want to book a flat I want to rent
flat in Berlin before that I don't have
time you know I have to work for a
little bit more to say about money
whatever you can do that here and it
gives you the security that you will
have that place then you don't have to
pay anything else before that I mean
obviously the deposit and the service
fee so that the landlord can be sure
that you really move in there you know
some security is needed on both sides
but this page provides that really cool
another neat feature that I like about
the page is that landlords are required
to reply to booking requests within 48
hours that means you will have a
definite answer to it well if you have a
new home or not within 48 hours if you
scroll down further you can see the
description here this beautiful studio
is located in a newly open student
apartment building right in the center
of Berlin and it goes on describing
obviously different features you have to
bring your own router to have access to
Wi-Fi all that kind of stuff you know
then the neighborhood where it's located
and if you scroll down further it even
gives you information about the landlord
and the average respond time the time
the landlord has spent with nest egg two
months is relatively new but you know
really really cool features here and we
welcome you to Berlin and what is your
wonderful stay they even can fill in a
little description for themselves cute
yeah and the terms again for renting
there the house rules really important
stuff obviously minimum of six months
you have to rent this place for and the
monthly rent is like I said five hundred
and fifty euros so well let's say we
really like this one or you really like
this apartment and you want to book it
wanna rent it then again make sure you
have the correct move-in date April
first in this case move out date not
really in our case and make sure that
all the fees are in order that
everything's correct and then request to
book click on that and then you have to
enter your details you mister let's say
Paul falls and
yeah that's not my name obviously my
business email address again and your
telephone number you can enter your you
have to enter actually and then you know
how many people are moving in one adult
to adult $3 $4 four plus it's just me in
this case no kids obviously if you have
kids you know select the appropriate
number of kids and then you can like
enter your message to the landlord so
once everything like this is done you
can check again if everything is in
order on the right here and then click
on accept and proceed to book we won't
do this now because then I've booked a
place which I don't need because I
already have one but yeah that's how you
do it basically and it also has a really
secure online payment system so don't
worry about being scammed that way
either and you just saw how easy it is I
mean I've explained a lot of things but
if you just went through the booking
process yourself you know you would have
been done in a couple of minutes and had
a new home how cool is that so yeah if
you want to avoid scamming online if you
want to rent online ahead of time or
just rent online in general definitely
have a look at nest peak
I do like nest peak tocome but what
about you your opinion matters most
obviously leave a like if you enjoyed
the video subscribe to the channel for
more videos about the German language
and culture in the future and apart from
that thank you very much for watching
don't forget to get germanized goodbye
and auf wiedersehen loved the video may
get germanized videos possible through
your support on patreon.com slash get
germanized and gain access to exclusive
rewards and other cool things